Hello, my name is Youssef Ahmed,
and I'm a Computer Engineering student at Galala University,
specializing in Cybersecurity.
I've always been passionate about understanding
how systems can be protected —
and more importantly, how attackers think.
That's what led me into the world of penetration testing.
I enjoy exploring how networks, applications,
and servers work beneath the surface.
My main focus is on finding vulnerabilities
before malicious hackers do.
I use tools like Nmap, Burp Suite, and Metasploit
to simulate real-world attacks in ethical ways
and strengthen system defenses.
Another area I'm deeply interested in
is firewall configuration and network security.
I've learned how firewalls act as the first line of defense —
controlling traffic, detecting intrusions,
and ensuring only trusted connections are allowed.
It taught me how small misconfigurations
can open big security holes,
and how precision really matters in this field.
For me, cybersecurity isn't just about hacking or defense —
it's about understanding the logic of protection,
thinking like both the attacker and the defender,
and staying one step ahead.
Thank you for watching, and I hope you enjoy my webpage!